1)Mehak wants to add the write permissions to all the files in the 'Documents' folder. Help her out with the command.

2)Gitsee want to create a folder named "def"  which is inside the folder "ijk".Write the command.
Rueben wants to repair a problem in his laptop.So he enquires about his  linux kernel version.Help him out.

3)Sid wants to replace the word "sharawan" with "shavy" in the file named "xyz.txt".Write the command for him.
Rajat recently found his dream girl in the  college but she likes linux.He decided to impress her with commands that shows list of all the commands.

4)Keffy is very intelligent and takes studies very seriously,so she decided to make a program on the processes but after running the program, she wants to see the full details of the current processes. Let's help Keffy out.s

5)Nikhil is a great mathematician, but he doesn't know how to get the factors of particular number in Mint(Linux).Please help him by giving him the command?

6)Rahul's birthday  is approaching and Giriraj is his best friend. He knows his date of birth but needs your help to print the day in which Rahul was born.His's date of birth is (18.11.1994)

7)Prabhat wants to download new files as papers are approaching.So he wants to know the free space available.His roommate knows the command but isn't interested in revealing it. Help him get even with his roommate.

8)Mandeep created a file code8hack using cat command and wrote 10 lines. As he is feeling lethargic,he wants to delete all the lines except between  the 2nd and the 5th(both inclusive). Help Mandeep get along his path of laziness by giving a single line command.

9)Swappy wants to find the count of all the files in a particular directory that were last modified in the previous month.Help him with the command.

10)Eknoor wants to display the 20th,21st and the 22nd lines of file on the console. Without asking him the reason for doing so, help him with the answer.

11)Aditi wants to delete all the files and folders from a directory but, apparently,there are some files that are important to her.So she has to check them before deleting? Help her with the answer.

12)How can Subu show the date in yyyy/mm/dd ss/MM/HH format?

13)Sanjeet wants to duplicate every line in the file and store it in another file named Ubuntu. He needs your help to achieve this task?

14)Jyoti wants to change the permission of a file from readable in user mode to readable and executable in user mode , only executable in other and only readable in groups? Help her out.  

15)Aditi_w is having his english paper tommorrow. So he opens a pdf of a book but he  knows that lines from 4 to 10 are not in the syllabus. So, in order to avoid the confusion , he wants to delete them. Please help him out as he is very bhavuk about his paper?

16)Srishti being the great singer of our college,working with very heavy music softwares wants to list the memory hogging processes. Help her out.

17)Chota is very good at addition of two numbers but he is interested in adding the numbers in the linux terminal.Help him out with a command.

18)Champa is weak in english.She has written an easy on "Corruption" but she doesnot know whether the spellings are correct or not.Help her to to keep a smile on her face ?